Update windows-cheatsheet.md (#218)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: CheatSheets/windows-cheatsheet.md

|` Win + Shift + S`| Take Screenshot of selected area|
|` Win + Upper Arrow key`| Maximize windows|
| `Win + number key` | to open application from taskbar with numbered key position

> | `Win + Alt + R` | to start in-built screen recording |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Win + Alt + R` | Allows you to instantly start or stop recording your screen |
```
